[Music]
sometimes life produces the kinds of
situations that no Hollywood script
writer could ever dream up comical
ambiguous unpredictable tragic life is
such a multi-faceted thing these 10
short stories will make you believe that
there's always room for love kindness
and a miracle frankly speaking the last
two stories hit me right in the heart
my grandma called yesterday asking if I
could look for grandpa he went somewhere
and hadn't come back yet I said I would
do that and I looked at grandpa who was
wood-burning grandma's portrait at my
place
they're celebrating a 50th wedding
anniversary next Thursday
I was meeting my boyfriend's parents we
were having dinner and my hands were
shaking with anxiety of course when I
tried to take some salad from the bowl I
dropped it all on the table I thought
okay here we go then my boyfriend thrust
his fork into my little mess of a salad
and started eating it
I think I'll marry him
I was seized by appendicitis and in
ambulance was called we were racing
along I had a terrible pain and I was
with my girlfriend and the doctor
suddenly I understood that something was
missing can you turn the siren on this
is my first time in an ambulance and
I've always dreamed of having the siren
on the doctor said that the siren was
broken as I lay back in the stretcher
upset I heard both my girlfriend and the
doctor begin to make a noise like a
siren they kept it up all the way to the
hospital
I woke up from someone breathing close
to my ear I opened my eyes to see the
cutest labrador puppy I have ever seen
my parents had remembered my dream from
20 years ago when I was still a kid at
that time they couldn't get a dog
because of the small size of our
apartment and our neighbors now that I
live alone in a large apartment they
decided to get me a special present
I was coloring a picture at the dinner
table before going to bed so as not to
forget the idea I sorted all the pencils
in a certain order filling the whole
table with them my husband was making
breakfast in the morning when I rushed
in screaming oh gosh I overslept
then I saw there were no pencils on the
table anymore I was upset but not too
much it was my fault after all I went
into the bedroom and saw my pencils all
on my work desk my husband laid them out
for me in that same order all 50 of them
I study 100 miles away from my parents
one day I fell sick with a high fever my
dad came to drive me from the Uni to the
campus he had to drive two hours and
then back again so I wouldn't have to
wait for the bus and ride it for 20
minutes he also brought me mom's broth
and honey well
there are no words to explain how much I
love them and all of them to my last
breath
looking straight at me my dearly loved
husband says so much fat and yet so
delicious after a minute of being
completely nonplussed I realize he is
eating smoked fish he only just escaped
a slow and painful death
she was my first love and we were madly
in love however I was too young for
serious relationships and chose career
over love now I'm 30 recently I met her
in a shopping center
she's now happily married and has a son
we sat in a cafe for four hours talking
about everything we both confessed we'd
had the best time of our lives together
well I came home and simply burst into
tears how stupid I was to exchange the
love of my life for all this
don't let your people go
yesterday I chose the wrong number and
accidentally sent my dad a message
saying I love you which was meant for my
husband a few minutes later I got a
reply I love you too dad I almost cried
we say things like that to each other so
rarely
last week I saw a girl who looked about
eight years old she was talking to a dog
petting it and smiling her parents were
standing to one side holding her by the
hand they were watching her it was clear
from their faces that they were happy I
later learned that the girl had autism
and that was the first time her parents
heard her talk using full sentences